[Music Playing]
Commander.
We are good for pre-flight.
Roger that.
Standby for final telemetry
upload and lock.
Oh, and...
The crew hope you're enjoying
your send off serenade.
It's perfect, thank you.
We thought you'd like it.
Standby for final checks
and transmission tests.
Five by five, Flight.
Ready to disengage.
Proceed.
You are cleared for initial trust.
Roger that.
Moving out. Quarter impulse.
Nerd!
Card carrying.
And if you don't say "make it so",
I'll be very disappointed.
Noted, commander.
Please proceed
to drive initiation point.
On my way.
See you soon.
Ah, so fast!
Someone is excited.
You're looking forward to playing
with your new toy, aren't you?
I am, but maybe don't tell them
we call it "my toy".
They may ask us
to cover the trillion-dollar bill.
Hey.
I'm coming back.
I always did.
I wouldn't do this
if I thought otherwise.
You better...
You can't get rid of me that easily.
Flight, we are green across the board.
Please confirm.
Confirmed, Longshot.
Disengaging interlocks.
Flight, we are a go for FTL burn.
It's now or never.
God speed, Commander.
See you on the other side.
Come on, Flight.
Let's hear it, you can do it.
Fine.
Make it so, Commander.
There you go.
... of the very first faster than light
propulsion system.
The Longshot is the most
advanced space craft ever built.
And in it, Commander Kane
will travel to Mars.
A journey that, according to NASA,
will take just over three minutes.
Lighting it up in three,
two, one...
Mark!
1.25 c.
Spinning down in five.
Flight, do you copy?
Loud and clear, Commander.
Welcome back
to our corner of space time.
Well, that's good to be back.
And this just in!
Commander Kane
has arrived at his destination
and is now the first man
to travel faster than light.
Thank, God!
The commander will now launch
an entangled satellite
into orbit round Mars
allowing real-time communication
between Earth and Mars Colony One.
Q sat, online.
All right.
Let's do this again,
before you miss me too much.
Initiate return sequence.
Starting FTL spin-up sequence.
Roger that, Longshot.
And we are a go
across the board, Flight.
Spin her up, Commander.
Flight, it looks like I may have
an interlock issue here.
We're seeing the same thing here.
Let's take a look at diagnostics.
Abort FTL drive start and spin down.
Roger that.
Spinning down.
Flight, we have a problem...
Flight, I have lost drive control.
Repeat, I have lost drive control.
I have no nav comm
and I am approaching light speed.
Find him, Comms!
I am being pulled in
to a new vector!
Warning, hull breach.
Warning, hull breach
I need information.
People, come on! Where is our bird?
Gone. I mean, gone.
No vector, nothing to track.
We should be able to get him
on Q comm anywhere, but nothing.
Stand by.
We're receiving some new information.
Commander Kane
seems to have disappeared.
Where did dad go?
The Longshot was ready
to make the return voyage home,
but something
seems to have gone wrong.
We will continue to follow the story
and provide updates
on any new developments.
First contact.
Okay, okay, above my pay grade.
After almost a day
since his last communication,
the search
for Commander Kane continues.
We have reached out
for the Commander's family
for comment.
We're sure it's been
a difficult time for them.
Along with the rest of the world,
we all now hope for a safe return.
Nothing more to do today.
Go home.
Flight?
There's something.
Control, come in.
You guys getting this?
NORAD is reporting an anomaly
approximately 2.5 clicks from the ISS.
"Anomaly"? Do we have a visual?
Coming up.
What is that?
Are you tracking?
Jack!
Daddy!
It's me...
It's me!